{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red48\green48\blue48;\red192\green192\blue192;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\noline\sb120\sa120\sl276\slmult1\cf1\i\f0\fs24\lang9\par

\pard\keepn\sl360\slmult1\tx630\tx720\tx1170\tx1260\b\i0\f1\fs22\par
Chandan kumar sahoo\tab\par
E-mail ID: \b0 179624@ust-global.com\par
\b Mobile:     \b0 91-8884882840\ul\b\par
\ulnone\par

\pard\sl360\slmult1\tx2880\ul\par
Professional Summary:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl360\slmult1\tx720\ulnone 9 \b0 years of Experience in java as \b spring, spring boot, spring data jpa, MongoDB & Kafka \b0 framework developer having deployment exposure on \b Docker \b0 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Exposure to \b microservices\b0  architectural design pattern.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Proficiencies in \b Zuul, Eureka server, Eureka client, Ribbon, Hystrix, Kafka\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Good Exposure to\b  spring mvc, spring profiles, actuators, swagger, sleuth and zipkin\b0 .\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sb120\sl240\slmult1\tx720 Well versed in both \b jdbc, spring data jpa \b0 and\b  hibernate\b0  for the database connectivity.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Good command over \b spring AOP, IOC \b0 and\b  ORM\b0  module.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl360\slmult1\tx720 Exposure to \b Oracle, MongoDB.\b0  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Having basic knowledge in \b Lombok\b0 .\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sb120\sl240\slmult1\tx720 Good Exposure to \b java 8\b0 .\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl360\slmult1\tx720 Good Programming knowledge of \b 3-tier client-server\b0  application\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Having good knowledge in \b oops\b0  concept, \b mvc\b0  architecture and creation of APIs.\f0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\f1 Knowledge on\b  Multithreading, Exception \b0 and\b  Collections.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Good Exposure to \b Webservice (RESTFULL).\b0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Having good knowledge in unit testing tool like \b Mockito\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Familiar with \b Jenkin\b0  for CI and CD.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Good interpersonal skills, committed, result oriented hard working with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Proficiency for deployment on \b AWS\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Basic knowledge on ELK(Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana) stack.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Proficiency on Data Structure and Algorithms.\f0\par

\pard\sl360\slmult1\tx270\tx450\tx630\b\f1\par
Work Experience:\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl360\slmult1\b0 Working as Senior Software Engineer for \b DELL (SA-Technology)\b0 , Bangalore.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as Senior Software Engineer for \b COLLABERA\b0 , Bangalore.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as Senior Software Engineer for \b CAPGEMINI (Orcapod)\b0 , Bangalore.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as Advisory Staff Software Engineer for \b ALTIMETRIK\b0 , Bangalore.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as Advisory System Analyst for \b IBM\b0 , Bangalore.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as Technical Lead for \b HCL TECHNOLOGY, \cf2\b0 Bangalore\cf1 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as System Analyst for \b SONATA SOFTWARE, \cf2\b0 Bangalore\cf1 .\par

\pard\li1080\sl360\slmult1\par
\par

\pard\sl360\slmult1\b Education:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl360\slmult1 B.Tech\b0 (\i Information Technology\i0 )   from Biju Pattnaik  University Of  Technology, Orissa on the year of \b 2008\b0  .\par

\pard\keepn\sl360\slmult1\tx3600\ul\b Technical Skills:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl300\slmult0\ulnone\b0 Languages\tab\tab :  core java, spring, hibernate, Spring boot, Kafka,   \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Operating System       :  Windows\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Database\tab\tab :  Oracle 10g, SQL Server, MongoDB\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scripting\tab\tab :  java script\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Editors\tab\tab             :  Eclipse, STS\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tools\tab\tab\tab :  svn, GitHub, jira\par

\pard\li720\sl300\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ul\b Project #1-\b0\par
\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh503\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b Name of the project\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Web In Shop\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh983\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Technology used\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Core java, spring boot, spring data jpa, mongoDb, microservices, Kafka, Docker, Kubernate, AWS, ELK(Elastic Search, Logdash, Kibana) stack.\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh263\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Duration\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 12th-Dec-2021 to till now\cf0\f0\cell\row 
\pard\fi-108\li108\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f1\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\ul\b Project Description:-\b0\par
\ulnone Web In Shop envisages as follows:-\par
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~This system is designed for the Tui Shops working all over the world. The system mainly provides the out bound packages from UK and Ireland.  The system provides holiday packages, accommodation and flight facility. It takes the help of various GDS for flight inventory and HoPla for accommodation inventory. The system also provides the manual segment facility, so that the customer can avail the facility at the destination location (resort location). It also provides the insurance facility as well as ATOL certificate to make the travel more safe and secure. It provides some extra facilities based on the selected flight or accommodation or resort. So, the customer can get more satisfaction.\par
\b Roles and Responsibility:-\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sl240\slmult1\b0 Coding for the front-end design using spring boot, \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Used React JS for the front-end technology.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Sleuth, Zipkin, ELK stack has been used for log tracing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For data access used Spring Data Jpa\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Used Kafka for messaging queue.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Performed the unit testing using Mockito.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Used docker for containerization, Kubernate for container management on AWS.\f0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\f1 Created the APIs for rest api call.\f0\par

\pard\li720\sl300\slmult0\f1\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ul\b Project #2-\b0\par
\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh503\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b Name of the project\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Web Self Service\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh968\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Technology used\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Core java, spring boot, spring data jpa, mongoDb, microservices, Kafka, Docker, Kubernate, AWS, ELK(Elastic Search, Logdash, Kibana) stack.\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh263\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Duration\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 12th-Sep-2018 to 10\super th\nosupersub -Dec-2021\cf0\f0\cell\row 
\pard\fi-108\li108\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f1\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\ul\b Project Description:-\b0\par
\ulnone Web Self Service envisages as follows:-\par
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~This system is designed for the Tui. This application will provide the facilities for amending and cancelling the booking. This application supports to 3 B2C application famously known as THOMSON, FIRST CHOICE, FALCON. THOMSON and FIRST CHOICE are two famous web site for travel in northern UK. Falcon is famous web site for southern UK and Ireland. After the booking, if the customer wants to cancel the booking or amend the booking, he/she can use the \ldblquote manage my booking\rdblquote  link to move to the WSS (Web Self Service). The system mainly provides the out bound packages from UK and Ireland.  The system provides holiday packages, accommodation and flight facility. It takes the help of various GDS for flight inventory and HoPla for accommodation inventory \par
\b Roles and Responsibility:-\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sl240\slmult1\b0 Coding for the front-end design using spring mvc, \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Used jsp for the rendering technology.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Spring aop module has been used for transaction management.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For data access used hibernate\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Configured the spring and hibernate \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Performed the unit testing.\par

\pard\li720\sl300\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ul\b Project #3-\b0\par
\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh503\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2402\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7431 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b Name of the project\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Consumer Approval for Product Release Integration\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh753\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2402\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7431 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Technology used\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Core java, jsp, struts 1.2, spring 2.5, hibernate 3.1, mvc architecture, oracle 10g\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh753\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2402\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7431 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Duration\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 15th-apr-2015  to 12\super th\nosupersub -Sep-2018\cf0\f0\cell\row 
\pard\fi-108\li108\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f1\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\ul\b Project Description:-\b0\par
\ulnone CAPRI \~\~management system envisages as follows:-\par
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ This is one of the product of Johnson & Johnson. Whenever a product is released for J&J, they are following a certain process. There are 6 types of users involved in product release process. The coordinator proposes for a product release. He provides all the information related to the product (material, brand, category, manufacturing/ marketing region/country, manufacturing date, shifting date). He decides, who is the author, reviewer, manager, approver and alternative coordinator for that particular product. Except creating a new APR, the alternative coordinator is having all other roles. The author uploads the documents and sends for review. The reviewer reviews all the documents and provides the electronic signatures. Next the coordinator routes the APR. Next the Approver approves the APR. Next, the coordinator reviews the APR and finally verifies the APR.\par
\b Roles and Responsibility:-\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sl240\slmult1\b0 Participated in requirement gathering.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Involved in designing of project flow\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Coding for the front-end design using struts mvc.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Used spring ioc for dependency injection.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Spring aop, for transaction management.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For data accesses used hibernate.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Performed the unit testing.\par

\pard\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\li720\sl300\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ul\b Project #4-\b0\par
\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh503\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b Name of the project\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Identity Services Engine (ISE)\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh610\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Technology used\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Core java,  jsp, struts 1.2, spring 2.5, hibernate 3.1, mvc architecture, oracle 10g\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh263\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Duration\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 21\super st\nosupersub -may-2013 to 8th-dec-2014\cf0\f0\cell\row 
\pard\fi-108\li108\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f1\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\ul\b Project Description:-\b0\par
\ulnone Sirius XM envisages as follows:-\par

\pard\hyphpar0\fi720\sl240\slmult1\tx720\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \tab Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) is a next-generation identity and access control policy platform that enables enterprises to enforce compliance, enhance infrastructure security, and streamline their service operations. The unique architecture of Cisco ISE allows enterprises to gather real-time contextual information from networks, users, and devices. The administrator can then use that information to make proactive governance decisions by tying identity to various network elements including access switches, wireless LAN controllers (WLCs), virtual private network (VPN) gateways, and data center switches. Cisco ISE is a key component of the Cisco Security Group Access Solution. Combines authentication, authorization, accounting (AAA), posture, and profiler into one appliance. Provides for comprehensive guest access management for the Cisco ISE administrator, sanctioned sponsor administrators, or both\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par
\b Roles and Responsibility:-\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sl240\slmult1\b0 Coding for the front-end design using struts mvc, \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Used jsp for the rendering technology.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For data access used hibernate\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Configured the struts, spring and hibernate \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Performed the unit testing.\par

\pard\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\ul\b Project #5-\b0\par
\ulnone\par
\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh503\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\b Name of the project\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Sirius XM\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh503\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Technology used\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 Core  java, jsp, spring 2.5, spring ORM,  mvc architecture, oracle 10g\cf0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph80\trleft216\trrh263\trpaddl80\trpaddr80\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2389\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx7386 
\pard\intbl\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1 Duration\cf0\b0\f0\cell\cf1\f1 12\super th\nosupersub -dec-2012  to 1\super st\nosupersub -apr-2013\cf0\f0\cell\row 
\pard\fi-108\li108\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f1\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\ul\b Project Description:-\b0\par
\ulnone Sirius XM envisages as follows:-\par
\tab Sirius XM Satellite Radio is an American broadcasting company that provides three satellite radio and online radio services operating in the United States: Sirius Satellite Radio, XM Satellite Radio, and Sirius XM Radio. The company also has a major investment in Canada called Sirius XM Canada, an affiliate company that provides Sirius and XM service in Canada.\par
\tab Sirius XM radio content is available to stream online as an add-on to existing subscriptions, or as an Internet-only option. On June 17, 2009, Sirius XM released an application for use on Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch, allowing its subscribers to listen to its programming on those devices. On February 4, 2010, the Sirius XM BlackBerry application was announced, for use on BlackBerry smartphones. As of April 2013, the app features over 150 channels. On May 28, 2010, the Sirius XM application for Android smartphones was announced. As of April 2013, the app features over 130 channels.\par
\b Roles and Responsibility:-\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sl240\slmult1\b0 Coding for the front-end design using spring mvc, \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For data access used spring orm.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Used spring aop for business logic and ioc for dependency injection.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Performed the unit test.\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sl360\slmult1\ul\b Declaration\b0 :\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\ulnone  I solemnly hereby declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.\par

\pard\li1080\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b Date:  \par
Place: \b0 Bangalore\b\tab\tab\tab\tab\b0 Chandan kumar sahoo.\f0\par
}
 